_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi, I'm Ethan -- a Computer Science graduate student at [Old Dominion University](https://odu.edu/){:target="_blank"}, graduating in August 2025. I'm passionate about solving complex problems, leadership, cultural understanding, and community building. I bring a diverse and adaptable skill set to every project. I also speak Spanish conversationally being self-taught.

This summer, I am working as a Business Analytics Intern at Chartway Credit Union in Virginia Beach, Virginia, where I analyze real estate data using SQL and Power BI to drive business insights and inform decision-making. My recent projects include building an interactive dashboard to visualize the effects of medical breakthroughs on 20th-century U.S. mortality trends, and analyzing Netflix film data to explore viewing patterns.

I am particularly interested in opportunities where I can apply my skills in data analysis, visualization, and storytelling to uncover meaningful insights and improve systems. I work comfortably across tools like Python, JavaScript, D3.js, SQL, and Power BI.

Outside of the classroom and workplace, I lead the [Tech Alliance of SWFL](https://www.meetup.com/techallianceswfl/){:target="_blank"}, a community of 2,000+ tech professionals and learners. I organize meetups, Python workshops, and open-source projects, including a cross-city partnership with Grammerhub](https://grammerhub.org/){:target="_blank"} to redesign our website and connect developers with real project experience.

I speak conversational Spanish and care deeply about cross-cultural collaboration, community building, and continual learning. I am always looking for opportunities to grow, contribute, and connect.

Commit message:

fixing minor issue with text in about.md

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi, I'm Ethan -- a Computer Science graduate student at [Old Dominion University](https://odu.edu/){:target="_blank"}, graduating in August 2025. I specialize in data analytics, visualization, and problem-solving at the intersection of technology and real-world impact.

This summer, I am working as a Business Analytics Intern at Chartway Credit Union in Virginia Beach, Virginia, where I analyze real estate data using SQL and Power BI to drive business insights and inform decision-making. My recent projects include building an interactive dashboard to visualize the effects of medical breakthroughs on 20th-century U.S. mortality trends, and analyzing Netflix film data to explore viewing patterns.

I am particularly interested in opportunities where I can apply my skills in data analysis, visualization, and storytelling to uncover meaningful insights and improve systems. I work comfortably across tools like Python, JavaScript, D3.js, SQL, and Power BI.

Outside of the classroom and workplace, I lead the [Tech Alliance of SWFL](https://www.meetup.com/techallianceswfl/){:target="_blank"}, a community of 2,000+ tech professionals and learners. I organize meetups, Python workshops, and open-source projects, including a cross-city partnership with Grammerhub](https://grammerhub.org/){:target="_blank"} to redesign our website and connect developers with real project experience.

I speak conversational Spanish and care deeply about cross-cultural collaboration, community building, and continual learning. I am always looking for opportunities to grow, contribute, and connect.
